Trung: Trung is an amazing team member. He is the most experienced member of the group regarding the website development area. With that ability, he often volunteered to do those most difficult tasks about coding. After solving the problem with his working style from the last assignment, in this assignment, he started working in every progress of the group - not starting his work lately like the previous assignment. His communication skill also improved so much, and that leads to the atmosphere of the group being so friendly. In the end, I have no complaints about this amazing teammate.

Anh: Quang Anh is an amazing team member. In this assignment, after knowing his weakness in communication skills, he actively discussed more with us about his idea. He also proactively chose the part that fit him the most in the assignment to utilize his ability. He is also willing to explore more tools and technology that he is not familiar with to help the product of our team become much better. However, I still feel there are some barriers that still exist between us. Overall, I have no complaints about this amazing teammate about the group work, but I hope he can be more open to sharing with us about personal things.

Dat (myself): I consider myself to be a good member. After knowing my weakness from the previous assignment, I created my own plan and acted as a compass to not get lost or distracted. As a result, I can overcome it and start working early every week, not like how I worked in the previous assignment. I also tried my best and volunteered in some parts that I knew that I was good at or I knew I can learn in the given amount of time. I am the most “naive” one in the team, so I will not try to hold everybody back. I put so much effort to do my part to achieve excellent quality. After finishing my work, if there is time, I would glance at other works and offer a hand if they need it. I knew that I still have my own weakness, but thanks to my team, they helped me to become much better. In the end, I glad to have a chance to work with those amazing people

Minh: Minh is an amazing team member. He is the one who created a base for us from the last assignment. In this assignment, his working enthusiast still is the same as the previous assignment. However, he still worked his best to improve his enthusiasm to communicate with every one of our team. All in all, he evolves at an incredible speed. As one of his teammates, I am really glad that he can relax in our group environment and have more energy to work with us in this assignment. Generally, I have no complaints about this amazing teammate.
