Aim: Our project( Easycook) is a website consist of multiple function which focus on leftover food and support user in order to help people saving money, resources of food and simutaneously alliviate environmental problems. In daily life, we not always finish our meal, and the leftover will be mostly discarded. According to wikipedia, there are about 1.3 billion tons of food,ingredients wasted every year this way, which costs roughly $1 trillion annually. This is a ridiculous amount of money that could have been used for a better cause like saving hunger around the world (and your money too). National Geographic also mentioned the fact that by wasting leftover food, we are adding a lot of problems for the environment. Thus by developing Easycook, we hope that the project can achieve our aim, for which we believe that it can have a good impact for both individual and the world.

To achieve that aim, we have set out many goals for the development of Easycook.

First, users can use Easycook to select many cooking recipes that can be made by chosen leftover food/ingredient. Why is this feature useful? The main reason people discard leftover food is because they think those are useless. But it's not. They just don't how to use that resource. This feature will teach them how to turn those leftover into a brand new dish that can be used right away for the next meal. For example, you order a pizza for lunch but can't finish it, there are still 30% around? Just use Easycook, it will teach you the correct recipe to turn that pizza into another dish that can be eaten for dinner (with the help of some others ingredient of course). This feature is also the core feature of our project because it's the foundation for the aim that revolve around avoid wasting. Thus, if we can't manage to finish the project, this feature will have the highest priority.

Second, after the user have used Easycook to get the recipes, it will offer another feature which is the ability to calculate the amount of calorie that dish will gain you. For people who are having the correct diet, whether you want to lose weight or gain weight, or maybe you are a patient with a special diet formula, this is important to have. Initially this suppose to be a whole nutritions list like protein, fat, carbohydrate etc but we found that it's too hard to do all of them so we settle for only calorie. However, even after reducing it to only calorie, we still have the risk of not finish it because of time limit. And when that happen, this feature will still have to make way for the first feature mentioned above, but it still have the second highest priority.

Third, we will have a forum, in which users (we also have a sign up and login function for this) can have discussion about dishes or leftover food. They can also post useful article that center around food wasting, environment, fitness etc. If the admin find that useful,  they will implement that. All and all, this is just a support feature (which is still important enough), thus it will have the lowest priority. Not to mention the implement of log in/sign up require knowledge about PHP which is very hard for us to do.