•	Trung (Myself): I consider myself as a good member. I volunteered to do most of the work in the prototype of our team’s project idea. However, without the ideas contributed by others, I cannot achieve an excellent outcome in the end. After realizing the problem from the previous assignment, I had planned carefully and started working right after the end of the previous assignment. I also made more conversation in the group. I believe that is one of the elements to create a friendly and welcome atmosphere for other members to share their thoughts. In this assignment, I have tried to strengthen my strengths and improve my weaknesses. In conclusion, I believe I had contributed all of my ability to work in this assignment, and most importantly, I learned so many things thanks to my teammates.
•	Dat: He's a good member. In this assignment, he still retained his desire to achieve ambitious goals. He contributed many significant ideas that required the ability to look at every detail in our product. He also actively responds to group chat and group discussion. I believe that he changed after knowing his own problem with communication can negatively affect the group. He also started working more methodically, starting early, and doing each part following the deadlines according to the team’s plan. Generally, I have no complaints towards him and I feel really glad to have a chance to work with him.
•	Minh: He's also a good member. At the beginning of the assignment, he actively shared his thoughts about what things we should focus on first, which is quite different from the last assignment. I believe that he knew communication is key for our group to work more effectively and with teamwork, we can achieve a more ambitious goal, which cannot be done by an individual. He showed more enthusiasm for working as a team. I believe that is the most obvious evidence that he is trying to be a part of a group. In the end, he is a really good member that I would like to collaborate with again and until now, I have no complaints towards him.
•	Anh: He's definitely a good member. In the previous assignment, he did not actively work in every group activity, however, things have changed since then. In this assignment, he becomes more active to take responsibility for his part, which makes me feel quite surprised. I believe at first he is so quiet in the group simply because of his characteristics, but after knowing more about each other, he is more open to everyone. Therefore, group progress is becoming more smooth and achieving excellent outcomes. In the end, I have no complaints towards him after watching his process of evolving. 

