Group report
Project summary: The project will be a website named Easy Cook, which centers around food saving and nutrition. Sometimes, we don't finish our meal, and the leftover food will be discarded. That is a waste. One of Easy Cook's main features is giving users the knowledge to turn that leftover food into another brand new dish for the next meal. This can be done with a variety of recipes that we have that target your specific leftover food. Another important feature of Easy Cook is calculating how much nutrition per dish will give us in one meal. This is important for any who are careful in their diet. Example users will be athletes, bodybuilders, patience, dieters. We also include some minor features such as a whole forum for people to discuss or publish articles about food and diet, a news section for official news to be published.
What has been done (up till week 11): Each member had decided their roles and tasks in the project. Multiple minor features have also been determined and designed. We also made progress in developing main/minor features on an actual prototype. In week 11 particularly, we decided to use a template for the frontend design of the website as it saved a large amount of valuable time and was significantly more beautiful than our old initial design. The content writers have also started to do some research and created/gathered content for the website.
For this week, we did not have a group meeting as every task had been assigned to each member before. There was group work between 2 members (Dat and Minh), however, to discuss the details of the group report. Everyone seemed to be pleased with the progress of the project and worked diligently toward the final product. In general, the website’s frontend part started to look and feel more professional, the contents were being created at a fast pace and there were no noticeable hurdles/roadblocks.
If I were to nitpick and forced to point out a particular problem, that would involve the content writing process. Our team is inexperienced in this field so the process of finding, checking, and rewriting content was troublesome to all content writers. But as time passed, we also gained experiences and knowledge to overcome this problem.
If I could say something to my past self, that would be not to be afraid to express your ideas. Sometimes it is beneficial to have multiple ideas in a group chat conflicting with each other. The ideas are then refined.

Individual Reflection
This week (week 11), we did not have any meetings this week. Only me and Minh have a small discussion with each other about some details in the report. In the remaining time, all of us focused on the prototype of our project idea. After a long period of suffering from how should we design the layout for our website, we decided to use a template for it. I believe this is the best decision we can make at this time because we do not have any experience in designing things. Therefore, instead of consuming so much time on it, we utilize the advantage of the Internet and spend more time focusing on our content. Each member took a responsibility for each part of the content on our website. The tasks were divided fairly and really fit our strengths. However, there are still some struggles when we start writing. We managed, nevertheless, to overcome it by doing more research. The atmosphere in the group still very friendly. It created a good environment for everyone to show their best. I do not have any complaints about what happened. I feel truly happy and satisfied with all things that happened this week.
What happened this week is partly different from the previous week. The procedure in this week is quite different from the previous weeks. However, things still go in the direction that we wanted. Everyone shared more of their ideas in the group. Everyone becomes closer and have more fun.
