Group Report
This week, after finished the Assignment 2, we moved immediately into Assignment 3, starting with a group meeting on Wednesday. After a long discussion between members, we have come to an agreement about: The project, everyone’s roles, deadline for each task until 9/20.
Our project will be a website named Easy Cook which centers around food saving and nutrition. Sometimes, we don’t finish our meal, and the leftover food will be discarded. That is a waste. One of Easy Cook‘s main feature is to give users the knowledge to turn that leftover food into another brand new dish for the next meal. This can be done with a variety of recipes that we have that target your specific leftover food. Another important feature of Easy Cook is the ability to calculate how much nutrition per dish will give us in one meal. This is important for any who are careful in their diet. Example users will be athletes, bodybuilders, patience, dieter. We also include some minors feature such as a whole forum for people to discuss, articles revolved around food and diet, many more.
This week, we had a successful meeting on Wednesday which tells everyone clear about the plan, the project, each individual task, and their expected deadline. Each person is required to commit to Github per day and also report their progress on the group Excel. It’s 2 days in at the time I wrote this report, which means I expect people to get some work done such as basic HTML file, some paragraphs done, etc.
Unlike the last Assignment, or more accurately, we learned from the last Assignment. This time, we set up group work immediately with specific tasks for everyone to do, they are also got their own deadline. This means there is no excuse for slacking. We do feel a bit tired for having to work right after last Assignment 2 but with the correct time management, we will overcome that.
If I can tell something to my past self, then this plan and workflow are exactly what I would tell him, we will solve a lot of problems if we had done this sooner(we actually did that, it’s just a bit late).

Individual Reflection
In week 9, having the experience to work with others, we decided to hold a meeting to discuss the Assignment 3 and the Presentation at the end of the course. The meeting was helpful for us to divide the tasks for each person in the group and break the big tasks into small ones and deal with it one by one. I feel very satisfied and excited since we had all learned important lessons from the last Assignment 2. We all actively engage in group activity and discussion, start from early, and have small milestones for every task.
What happened this week is very different from the past few weeks. After all the problems we had encountered from the last Assignment, we realized how the phenomenal result can be achieved by the smooth group collaboration. Therefore, the current situation is definitely better than in the past.
In a tutorial discussion, the interesting thing that I learned is how to make a good prototype of our group’s product. The prototype should not just stop at the image to show how our product will work but we have to create like a sample of our product that helps others to understand all the basic features of our product.
In conclusion, our team is having great progress at the moment. If we can keep things up in the following weeks, the result would be excellent.
