Group Report
Our project will be a website named Easy Cook, which centers around food saving and nutrition. Sometimes, we don't finish our meal, and the leftover food will be discarded. That is a waste. One of Easy Cook's main features is giving users the knowledge to turn that leftover food into another brand new dish for the next meal. This can be done with a variety of recipes that we have that target your specific leftover food. Another important feature of Easy Cook is calculating how much nutrition per dish will give us in one meal. This is important for any who are careful in their diet. Example users will be athletes, bodybuilders, patience, dieter. We also include some minors features such as a whole forum for people to discuss or publish articles about food and diet.
New things: Our project until this week is very much the same with some little changes. We decided to focus only on Vietnam Market at first. Our website, Easy Cook, will mainly focus on Vietnamese dishes, and all the recipes will be written by Vietnamese to make it easier to use for all Vietnamese people. We also want to give our users more information to help them acknowledge the food-waste problem and its consequences. Therefore, besides the news about food and diet, we will include some articles about that problem to help them deal with food more wisely.
This week, we had another extraordinary meeting on Thursday, where we discussed our project's prototype. We have discussed the layout of the prototype, divided each of the features and sub-features to be designed by those UX Designers, and create a workflow for our users when using our website. Meanwhile, the report is still in excellent progress since everyone is almost finishing their parts, we need one more meeting to review all of those parts to ensure everything meets the requirements of our team and if there is something go wrong, we can make some changes immediately to represent the most comprehensive report as we can.
The problem that we faced this week is that there are many things that we need to decide, but we have not much experience working on those things. Thus, we needed to spend plenty of time to make our final decision on the issues. However, we know that we had that problem because we are still new to everything. Therefore, we do not perceive it as an issue and think negatively about it but see it as an opportunity to learn more. We also utilize a chance of working as a team. If there is something that we do not understand it clearly or we do not know how to deal with something, we need to share with others to find a solution together.
If I could tell something to my past self, that would be not afraid to ask for help from other teammates. We are a team, so we have to believe in each other and discuss problems (if any) like a team to find the most feasible solution.

Individual Reflection
In week 10, having experience from the previous assignment, we continue to hold a meeting to discuss our product's prototype and see others' progress on the report. I feel very contented with the atmosphere of our group right now. Each person works productively and contributes many amazing ideas.
What happened this week is partly similar and partly different from the previous week. All members enjoy working together and keep the wheel of progress, turning at a steady pace. From my viewpoint, the difference this week is a positive change. Everyone discusses extensively with others, which did not happen in the past few weeks. Therefore, I feel very excited and happy to see how much we have developed during that time. As a result, the current situation is better than in the past, and I believe this is the best way to tackle an issue.
In a tutorial discussion, the interesting thing that I learned is that all the product idea is not "unique". There are a lot of products/systems out there, whether they are famous or not. They just tried to find a missed opportunity or add some ideas to the original product to stand out.
In conclusion, with this steady progress, we can confidently believe that we can meet the deadline and achieve an excellent result.
