In the beginning, our motivation to work on this project is to solve the individuals' problems. Nevertheless, after some research, we found that it is a big problem for the whole world. The project is important because the food resources in the Earth are limited; therefore, if we do not seriously do something to tackle the food-waste problem, our food resource will run out of food after 29 years later (TheWorldCount). And we also know that while more than a ton of food is wasted every year, millions of people die because of hunger. For that reason, we want to make an impact on making some changes to the current situation to help those people. We do not directly create an effect to support those people, but we create an impact to our users, who are not in that situation, to acknowledge about that problem and give them a tool to consume food more wisely like a mindset of a quote "A Penny Saved is a Penny Earned". Hopefully, our product and effort will be a part of the movement to deal with the food-waste problem.
The report Vietnam IT Landscape 2020 by TOP DEV also shows that the demand for the delivery food platform increases significantly in the current pandemic situation. From that point, our team has seen a missed opportunity. If people cook at home, they can control the quantity and the taste that they cook and, therefore, minimize the food that will be wasted. Nevertheless, if they get the ordered food, they usually cannot control the quality (taste) of the food's authentic food and quantity. Thus, if they do not like the taste of that food, or they cannot finish all of that and do not know how to deal with it, the most common way that the majority of people will do is throw it away. That is where our product comes in and provides them a tool to solve that problem. We can show them various recipes that they can do with their left-overs, or they add some few changes to the original food to make them taste much better. When ordering food, people often cannot know how much average calories they will consume. To help our users, we also decided to go one step further to add the calories calculator feature to help our users keep track of the calories they will consume. They can control their diet not to have any diseases such as obesity or diabetes.
According to the report about the IT market in Vietnam by TOP DEV, the top 3 most popular jobs in Vietnam in 2020 are associated with Web Development – Back-end Developer (57.5%), Full-stack Developer (47.4%), and Front-end Developer (38%). From those statistics, if we can work on this project, a website, it can be a milestone to show to those employers out there not only our technical skills about programming but also it can show our creativity and detail-oriented in observing everything surrounding us and then provide a rational solution to upgrade the existing product.
